{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Aalborg Golf Club, situated in nothern Denmark, is one of Nordic Area\'92s hidden gems.\
Originally an 18 hole Championship Course designed by John D. Harris in the late 60s has resently undergone a complete refurbishment of all greens and tees along with 9 new holes, which are now integrated with the original 18 hole course to make 3 seperate 9-hole courses, which are rotated weekly to give one 18 hole course and one 9 hole course. In other words, the 18 hole course changes combination every week.\
No matter wich of the course combinations that you play, you can always be assured that it will be a stern test of golf. Aalborgs geographical placement ensures that the elements are always in play at Aalborg. Some of the signature holes at Aalborg include the danish version of Amen Corner. These 3 holes were constructed in 2005 and are some of the most talked about holes in danish golf, along with the most picturesque par3 hole with the green area surrounded\'a0 completely with rhododendrons, blooming in June.\
The clubhouse has recently undergone extensive renovation including a first class Proshop along with typical Danish Cuisine in our renowned restaurant. Danish meatballs are a must on any visit to Aalborg while sitting in our picturesque restaurant which overlooks one of the finest finishing holes in Danish Golf. Our facilities also include a 26 bay driving range along with a short game area which is on par with the best facilities in Europe. Various championships have been hosted by Aalborg Golf Club which include European Challenge Tour along with European Team Championship for Girls as well as European Championship for Men.\
Our mens team excel at the top of Danish Golf with 11 victories in the Danish Team Championships over the last 20 years. The height of these achievements is two European Team Championships back to back in 1998 and 1999.\
We strive to achieve that every member/guest has the best possible experience at Aalborg Golf Club. We pride ourselves on achieving outstanding service and creating a memorable experience for all our guests. In November 2016, SNOWFLAKE BEER GOLF MATCH from the creative group of GOLF & BUSINESS BUTLER will come by for a day of famous Christmas Golf Tournament and hopefully treat 100 of our members with exclusive and luxurious prizes, goodiebags, entertainment and excitement\
We are also privileged that Denmarks third largest airport is situated 20 minuttes from the course with good connections to the UK from KLM, Norwegian and SAS. This facility makes it easy and troublefree to visit Aalborg on your next holiday.\
Aalborg Golf Club looks forward to see you al\
}