{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red11\green15\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to Stavanger Golf Club!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stavanger Golf Club was founded in 1956 and is one of Norway\'92s oldest clubs. The 18-hole course is situated 5 km from the town center, and lies in quiet surroundings near the lake \'abStore Stokkavann\'bb.
\f2\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The course, designed by British architect Fred Smith has a par of 71. It is a tree lined, and relatively tight layout. Small greens and undulating fairways add to the challenge, and many championships have been held here, both national and international. Stavanger hosted the Norwegian Championships in August 2006.
\f2\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\'a0\

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The course has a very good driving range which is open to visitors, and also a nice putting green and other short play areas. Stavanger Proshop has 2 PGA certified professionals which are at your disposal every day. The club also has a newly refurbished gastropub restaurant Farmhouse with breathtaking views of the course.
\f2\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\'a0\

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We are very excited and happy to be part of the Golf & Business Butler Golf match series 2016 and we truly enjoy the elegant GBB services provided for our members all year long.
\f2\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\'a0\

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
See you at Stavanger Golf Club
\f2\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}